[#1788] Additonal options to merge/map git-users (#1920)
reposense/RepoSense: docs/ug/customizingReports.md

In both instances, it is **necessary to commit any changes** for them to be detected by RepoSense.

</box>

> 3\. Add a git `.mailmap` file at the toplevel of the repository, specifying mapped authors/commiters and/or e-mail addresses as per [gitmailmap documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitmailmap). Any mappings specified here will be applied by git before all other RepoSense configurations.

Reviewer: It might be good if we can do a short elaboration on the benefits here, i.e., why use mailmap

> 3\. Add a git `.mailmap` file at the toplevel of the repository, specifying mapped authors/commiters and/or e-mail addresses as per [gitmailmap documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitmailmap). Any mappings specified here will be applied by git before all other RepoSense configurations. Configuration via `.mailmap` is particularly useful if you want the mapping to apply for all git commands as well instead of just for RepoSense.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3\. Add a git `.mailmap` file at the top-level of the repository, specifying mapped authors/commiters and/or e-mail addresses as per [gitmailmap documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitmailmap). Any mappings specified here will be applied by git before all other RepoSense configurations. Configuration via `.mailmap` is particularly useful if you want the mapping to apply for all git commands as well instead of just for RepoSense.
```
